Here we go. What's going on?
Jiang Hai still started with the people around Lu Xuan
Contact my father
I want Lu Xuan to be the soldier leader
If he doesn't agree, tell him.
Lu Xuan has obtained the inheritance of the Dragon Emperor Supreme Palace
He is a soldier and has been defeated
He made it happen.
He can't do it.
Go, that's my father
Who is the host and guest, not the seat
I recommended Lu Xuan to him as the guest host
Come to think of it, Jiang Hai doesn't know yet
The guest-host position of DingTalk on the board has overflowed
Are you the one?
Then you are
Lan Lan
You lied to me so hard, my status is special
Born in the wrong season
The whole summer except for my father and Xiaohua
Just a few of you know
It's useless to keep scum like Du Xuan
Kill no no
Don't kill me
I fuck you spare me I don't want to die
Move my mother
And let me spare you
venting
Oh, fuck me.
Come on, Sister Sun, thank you.
I don't accept verbal thanks
If you really want to thank me, just come with me
What are you doing standing so far away?
I'm afraid I'll eat it, come here
Didn't you say you wanted to thank me?
That's not how you introduce people to you
Ah well.